What if we, everything, exist like fire?


It's simply that we have the potential to exist, that we do exist, here and now or not at all.


It, life, has no guarantee, never has it been nor will it be a cinch to succeed at survival.


Dark matter comprises all of what is not, a cosmic counterweight to all that is.


The infinance of the universe is a lot of space for all of known existence to spread out within, so it makes sense things may take time, eons, that there should be some voids, some dead space.


Yet equally, conversely, there is life, and light and energy and expansion and exploration of that expansion within the parameters of, first existential, now human science as a means by which to grasp some hold upon this rollercoaster ride of organic evolution. 


I posit we are dancing flames, flickering above a mass of the exothermic energy that sustains us.


We shall reach a certain height before beginning our drifting decent, flame to ember, perhaps get caught on a breeze or extinguished outright, to ash we all return regardless.  


Dust breaks down to particles which when combined can culminate in existence anew.


Such equations are precarious but may the odds be ever in our favor, considering we all began, once upon conception, unwittingly the prize to those who tried their luck playing the genetic lottery. 


We, biological beings, swing pendulum polar through the cycle of possibility, pausing occasionally on paired probabilities poised to spark something significant with a just little push.


It is now upon the backs of giants which I climb, play, fall and slide while along this journey to make meaning of the light that so ornately possesses me.


What is to give light must first endure burning thus utilizing my memories and capabilities, I shall illuminate the corners of creation just enough to ebb an indentation in the tracks others may or may not find themselves travelling.


Enkindled, oxidizing, conflagrant, I wrestle gleaming in torrid affairs with endless pitch engulfing all that may come to pass should the ever so delicate balance of visibility not be revered and maintained.